docs: add instructions for releasing the extension (#365)
timescale/pgai: DEVELOPMENT.md

Prior to pgai v0.4.0, Python dependencies were installed system-wide. Until pgai versions 0.1 - 0.3 are deprecated
[old dependencies](./src/old_requirements.txt) are installed system-wide.

#### Release the extension

1. Run `just ext clean-sql` in order to remove any prior generated dev sql.
2. Edit the [build.py](projects/extension/build.py).
   - Set the version to be released as the first element of the array returned by `versions` function. I.e. `"0.7.0",  # released`.

> 3. Edit the extension [__init__.py](projects/extension/ai/__init__.py) and set the value of the `__version__` variable to your new version . I.e. `__version__ = "0.7.0"`.
> 4. Run `just ext build`. This will generate, among other tasks, the final .sql files in `projects/extension/sql`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `just ext build install`. This will generate, among other tasks, the final .sql files in `projects/extension/sql` and update the version in [__init__.py](projects/extension/ai/__init__.py).
```

Reviewer: updating the version in `__init__.py` is handled automatically by [build_init_py](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/blob/main/projects/extension/build.py#L509) but we have to run the install step for that to execute

Reviewer: let's make a new step that just does [build_sql](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/blob/main/projects/extension/build.py#L338) and [build_init_py](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/blob/main/projects/extension/build.py#L509) then.

5. As those files are git-ignored, you need to add those to the git index by forcing the addition. 
   - Run `git add -f projects/extension/sql/ai--*<YOUR_NEW_VERSION_HERE>.sql`.
6. Craft the release notes for the new version of the extension. Those should be added into [projects/extension/RELEASE_NOTES.md](projects/extension/RELEASE_NOTES.md).
   - As we are not using release-please, those notes are not automatically generated. Instead, we need to manually add those.  
     You can use the output of the following command to craft the release notes:
     ```shell
     git log $(git describe --tags --abbrev=0 --match "extension-*")..origin/main --pretty=format:"%s ([%h](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/commit/%h))" projects/extension
     ```
7. Create a PR with all the modified files. Use a commit message such as `chore: release extension <YOUR_NEW_VERSION_HERE>`.

> 8. Once the PR is merged, TBD!

Reviewer 2: TBD?

Author: Yes, waiting to be confirmed by @jgpruitt

> 8. Once the PR is merged, TBD!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once the PR is merged, create a new [github release](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/releases) using a new tag following the format `extension-<version>`. Copy the release notes for this version into the github release description.
```

Prior to pgai v0.4.0, Python dependencies were installed system-wide. Until pgai versions 0.1 - 0.3 are deprecated
[old dependencies](./src/old_requirements.txt) are installed system-wide.

#### Release the extension

1. Run `just ext clean-sql` in order to remove any prior generated dev sql.
2. Edit the [build.py](projects/extension/build.py).
   - Set the version to be released as the first element of the array returned by `versions` function. I.e. `"0.7.0",  # released`.

> 3. Run `just ext build install`. This will generate, among other tasks, the final .sql files in `projects/extension/sql` and update the version in [__init__.py](projects/extension/ai/__init__.py).

Reviewer 2: I don't think that we should be advocating for people to run `install` as part of the release process. It does a bunch of stuff which is not related to releasing, and which I would not want to do on my machine - for instance installing a ton of deps into the system Python.

Reviewer: I run it in the development docker container. Since, the project directory is mounted in the development container, it "just works".
But fair point. I agree.

Author: Replaced with the just command @jgpruitt created recently `just ext build-release`.

2. Edit the [build.py](projects/extension/build.py).
   - Set the version to be released as the first element of the array returned by `versions` function. I.e. `"0.7.0",  # released`.
3. Run `just ext build-release`. This will generate, among other tasks, the final .sql files in `projects/extension/sql` and update the version in [__init__.py](projects/extension/ai/__init__.py).
4. As those files are git-ignored, you need to add those to the git index by forcing the addition. 
   - Run `git add -f projects/extension/sql/ai--*<YOUR_NEW_VERSION_HERE>.sql`.
5. Craft the release notes for the new version of the extension. Those should be added into [projects/extension/RELEASE_NOTES.md](projects/extension/RELEASE_NOTES.md).
   - As we are not using release-please, those notes are not automatically generated. Instead, we need to manually add those.  
     You can use the output of the following command to craft the release notes:
     ```shell
     git log $(git describe --tags --abbrev=0 --match "extension-*")..origin/main --pretty=format:"%s ([%h](https://github.com/timescale/pgai/commit/%h))" projects/extension
     ```

> 6. Create a PR with all the modified files. Use a commit message such as `chore: release extension <YOUR_NEW_VERSION_HERE>`.

Reviewer 3: maybe we could add the options (chore, feat, docs?

Author: I don't get exactly what you mean here. I added `chore` as the exact prefix you should use. At least, this is how we have been doing in the past with all releases.
